hi I'm Hana Pro Jason what were to the
Honda pro shop as many of you know my
vision is bring the entire Honda world
together from enthusiasts to technicians
to salespeople from old school to new
school and one the homes Honda and as I
passed my first year at my first 1
million views it's obvious to me that
you guys share my vision so let's start
the second year off great and let's get
into the show
the most iconic and miss Honda is coming
back maybe according to my friends over
at the GT channel they've heard rumors
that Honda's building a successor to the
s2000 they want to build something
called the S 1500 1500 maybe the size of
the engine that would make sense this
car should be a rear-wheel drive they
also say it's going to be under 2,000
pounds
that makes it lighter than Subaru and
the Toyota this can be rivaling and also
make the car under $20,000 if they could
achieve all these things in a rear-wheel
drive Honda you can put my name on that
list Honda's project driving was set up
to raise awareness and support for
driving movie theaters it could go dark
at the end of the year
these drive-in movie theaters need
projectors they need to go digital Honda
did many things one thing they did is
they donated five movie projectors to
these winning theaters the winning
theaters are the 99 West drivin in
Oregon the cherry Bowl drivin in
Michigan Graham drivin in Graham Texas
one in my hometown McHenry outdoor
theater in McHenry Illinois and the seco
drivin Seco Maine now Honda has already
donated five movie theater projectors so
they expanded the project to include
four more this means you guys have to
get out there and vote vote for your
local drive-in and I'll see you at the
movies let's talk about the top 100 most
reliable cars in the United Kingdom
warranty direct compiled the list at the
top of that list was the Honda Jazz the
same as the Honda Fit here in the US so
congratulations Honda for having the
most reliable car in all the United
Kingdom and now for a segment I'll be
calling Honda pro Jason dealer news
update howdy Honda
will be donating $100 for each car so
can September to American Heart
Association and Hagerstown Honda
has reached 1 million views on their
YouTube channel
great job Angela they're also giving
away an iPad Mini
check them out on their YouTube page and
find out how you can win an iPad Mini
and now for some rumors the 2014 Civic
Si might get the new earth dreams
technology engine with a bump of almost
30 horsepower and a red line at 7800
also Han has been working on the
successor for the cr-z what I've been
told is this car might be turbocharged
with a Type R variants and this can be
interesting because the original one
kind of missed the mark with enthusiasts
didn't quite have enough power and not
quite enough hybrid for everybody else
so it's gonna be interesting to see what
Honda does this time it's fun fact time
ASIMO is an acronym for advanced step in
innovative mobility and maths your fun
fact of the week hope you've all enjoyed
this week's episode of the Honda pro
show as always I finish off the episode
with the giveaway this week's giveaway
this huge an umbrella now every city has
a tagline I live in Chicago
it's the Windy City what city are you
from and what's his tagline leave the
comments below I'll be picking a winner
next week for the sunbrella i'm the
hannah pro and now you're in the know